To get rid of small splinters in your finger/palm/anywhere, put glue on the splinter, let it dry, then peel it off. The splinter will come off with the glue! Use sticky tape if you can't wait for it to dry. It won't work if the splinter is completely inside the skin, of course.
If you have a headache, stomach ache, hangover and other things like that, just drink water! You'll be amazed at how many common problems are caused by dehydration.
To get rid of lots of earwax, drop a few drops of olive oil in there. It will hurt like hell but after a while the pain goes away and you can easily get it out.
Put a clean towel on your pillow and sleep on it to get rid of acne.
Spread plain yogurt (preferaly Greek yogurt) on a sunburn to get rid of the sting and prevent you from peeling. Leave it on till it dries and rinse off the white powder.
Eat a spoonful (tablespoon should be plenty) of peanut butter to stop hiccups. Don't use this if you have peanut allergy, obviously. I take no responsibility for deaths or injuries caused by using this method.
When you have a brain freeze, try pushing your tounge against the roof of your mouth. The heat generated should stop it.
If you have a pimple, hold ice on it for a while, then put honey on it and leave it overnight. It should disappear when you wake up. If not, repeat until successful.
To stop a nose bleed, tilt your head forward and pinch the soft part of the nose for 10 minutes. Don't talk, cough or do anything other than breathing. If it didn't work after 10 minutes, repeat. After 3x10 minutes has passed and it still isn't working, see a doctor.
If you or a friend has become a zombie then a shotgun blast to the back of the head will cure it. Always double tap!
Cover a scratched CD/DVD/glasses with toothpaste, rub it a bit, then rinse it off and the scratches will be gone! Almost, that is.
If the straw in your can is moving around, put it through the tab and move the tab all the way to the left/right until it locks in place.
To remember important things in the morning, write them on a piece of paper and put your car keys/shoes on it.
Put a couple pieces of toilet paper in the water in a toilet to prevent splashing.
When calling 911, the first thing you should do is state your location. Before ANYTHING else.
Put a remote control/remote car unlocker/remote anything under your chin, pointing upward. Your skull will increase the range on the remote.
When you're buying something online and you get the chance to enter a promo code, Google the name of the webshop and add "promo code" to the end. You can get everything from 25% off to free shipping.
If you're showering and you're having a hard time getting out, turn the temperature all the way down to cold. That'll wake you up and stop you from staying "just because it's relaxing".
Turn it off, then on again.
Rub oranges with your hand or gently squeeze them for a while to make them easier to peel.
You're the recipient of Time Magazine's 2006 Person of the Year award. Put it on your resume. In 2006 Time Magazine gave "Everyone" the award. This won't work if you're reading this in the far future and were born after 2006.
If you want to fire up Task Manager on your computer, use Ctrl+Shift+Esc instead of Ctrl+Alt+Del. It will fire up the task manager instantly, skipping the extra menu that is present on some computers. The thing is, Ctrl+Alt+Delete is caught by the kernel, while Ctrl+Shift+Esc is caught by Windows Explorer, so it won't work if your computer is locked up.
If you need more time to write a paper, use the Document Corrupter (http://neddyy.net/docs/). It'll buy you a few days more. Use sparingly.
To train your typing skills, find an article, type Ctrl+F, and start typing the article. It will start highlighting what you type. If the highlighting goes away, you made an error. Delete everything from the search field and start over.
Put socks on before pants. They're pant lube.
Poop at work instead of home. You'll save toilet paper AND get paid to poop.
Take long walks occasionally.
Always have hydrogen peroxide near you. It can be used for many things. Here's a list: http://www.using-hydrogen-peroxide.com/
Use the hosts file on the work computer to block access to sites that waste your time (things like facebook or twitter).
Don't let friends borrow money unless you don't mind never getting it back. If you lend a friend money you could not only lose the money but a friend.
Save 10% of your income. You'll barely miss it if you take it out of your check as soon as you get it and stash it in savings. Next thing you know, you'll have a few months worth of expenses saved up, so that if anything happens you won't be out in the street right away.
If installing applications are blocked on your work computer, use a thumb drive with portable software on it.
Check how much toilet paper there is BEFORE sitting.
Press "Stop, Stop, Play" on your DVD remote to skip advertisements on a DVD.
If you're speeding and see a cop that probably just tagged you, slow down and wave to him, as it'll decrease your odds of getting a ticket.
When you have forgotten someones name, simply say : "I'm sorry, but what was your name one more time." They may act offended, but when they give you there first name you simply reply "No, I meant your last name." (more socially acceptable to forget). Bingo. First and last names.
If you don't know if a baby is a boy or a girl ask the baby "Whats your name?" And the parent will answer. That way no angry mom or dad getting mad because you cant tel because they dress there baby in green.
On flights, if you are fighting for an arm rest with a stranger. bring your arm (the one thats on the same side the arm rest you want) up to your mouth and sneeze/cough. Then place it by the armrest. The other person will move their arm.
Give yourself half an hour of downtime in the morning, between being ready to leave and leaving, and your day won't feel so rushed.
When you're talking to someone and can't tell if they are interested in the subject/their mind is elsewhere, cross your arms. If they cross theirs as well, they are truly listening.
If you are quitting something e.g. smoking, drinking etc. Everytime you feel the urge to do said addiction : Go for a run, do 20 sit ups, 20 push ups etc. This way you can start to associate exercise with quitting and you get fitter the more you quit which can make you feel better.
Talk to everyone like you would your best friend, and smile.
